let me tell you about my client Michael
Dorsey he was a fine actor maybe a great
actor but for every role he wanted there
was a reason why he wasn't right sorry
you're too tall I can be shorter now I
can't use you too short
oh I can be taller - Moody next to old -
stubborn you too much trouble - tough
tote mmm too pushy too difficult vital
no one will hire
just watch me boy did he show us
he auditioned for the female lead on a
soap opera and became the hottest new
actress in America and you know what no
one knows his new identity not even the
girl he's madly in love with soon
everyone will know that she's Dustin
Hoffman and he's Tootsie
[Music]
you